My name is Andre Oppong.
I live in London(Bermondsey).
I am an organised, dedicated individual with strong computing skills. In addition, I am also punctual and enjoy working as part of a team. I have a good understanding of IT including MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Adobe Photoshop. I worked as an Intern Admin Assistant at Guys Hospital as part of the CareTrade Autism Project. I have autism and dyspraxia but navigating these conditions has enabled me to become a strong person who is not afraid to take on new challenges.
I am currently on the Just IT Data Bootcamp Programme looking to upskill myself further and be competitive when applying for a job within data.
My goal is to secure an Apprenticeship as a Data Administrator/Analyst to challenge myself further, practising what I have learnt and also developing skills whilst in post.
I studied BTEC Level 1 and 2 in ICT at Southwark College in Waterloo for two years(September 2018 to July 2020).
I also did GCSE English and Maths at Lewisham College in Lewisham Way for two years (September 2020 to June 2022). 
I have strong knowledge and experience in ICT, I learnt how to use Tinker cad Website to create Pianos and Circuits as part of my project during the Technical Training Session. I learnt how use to My SQL Bench workbench and Microsoft Azure Studio to create my own syntaxes and build a strong database for my Assignments and daily tasks as well.I recently acquired a distinction in Excel-Public  Tableau and Power BI and My SQL Assignments. I recently acquired a distinction in Excel-Public  Tableau and Power BI and My SQL Assignments.
I also learnt how to use Python and R programming to create my own codes, import and clean Data on R Studios and Excel Spreadsheet Software  for my regular tasks and assignments in class.
Some of the key skills I have are organisation and time management,  team player and able to work independently, customer service, critical thinking, adaptability, effective written and verbal communication, Windows Applications, Excel, Tableau, Power BI, My SQL, Python and R programming.   
I enrolled on the Princes Trust Enterprise Programme to control my destiny, follow my passion, find my own work/life balance and run my own business. 
I regularly meet up with Caretrade Alumni to attend organised social outings to the cinema, play some Crazy Golf or eat out. Every Saturday and during term time, I take part in Football, Cricket, Badminton, Boccia, Dodger Ball, and other sporting activities with my group at Disability Sports Coach at the Castle Centre. Once a month, I attend the Squids Club and Octopus Club events at the Albany Theatre in Deptford to dance and make friends as well. Finally, I also enjoy travelling and taking pictures of Landmarks, Rivers, Canals, Seas, Trains, Parks, and Woodlands which, I then edit and paint them digitally into unique photos. 
